                            LACL 2001

                 4th International Conference on
           LOGICAL ASPECTS OF COMPUTATIONAL LINGUISTICS

                        June 27 -- 29, 2001
                        Le Croisic, France

              Submission Deadline: January 29, 2001

                  http://www.irisa.fr/LACL2001

*****************************************************************

---------------------------- HISTORY ----------------------------

The LACL series of conferences aims at providing a forum for the
presentation and discussion of current research in all the formal
and logical aspects of computational linguistics. It started as a 
workshop held in Nancy (France), in 1995. Due to its success, it 
was turned, the next year, into a international conference.  
LACL'96 and '97 have both been held in Nancy (France). LACL'98 has 
been held in Grenoble (France). Selected papers from LACL'95 appear 
in a special issue of Journal of Logic Language and Information, 
7(4), 1998. The proceedings of LACL'96 and 97 appear as volumes 
1328 and 1582 of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence. The 
proceedings of LACL'98 are in press with the same series.


----------------------------- SCOPE -----------------------------

Typical topics include, but are not limited to:

   Categorial grammars, Categorial type logics, Compositionality, 
   Discourse representation theory, Dynamics, Feature Logics, 
   Formal language theory, Game-theoretical semantics, Grammatical 
   inference, Learning theory, Linear logical frameworks, Minimalism, 
   Modal logics, Montague semantics, Parsing as deduction, Proof-
   theoretic approaches, Situation semantics and situation theory,
   Type-theoretic approaches.


----------------------- SUBMISSION GUIDELINES --------------------

Authors are invited to submit a full paper not exceeding 15 standard 
A4 or US quarto pages.  The paper should allow the Programme 
Committee to assess the merits of the work.  In particular, 
references and comparisons with related work should be included. 
Submission of material already published or submitted to other
conferences with published proceedings is not allowed.

Electronic submission is highly recommended.  A postscript version
of the paper should be sent as an e-mail to:

   morrill@lsi.upc.es

to arrive by January 29, 2001.   

Authors are strongly encouraged to use LaTeX2e and the Springer 
llncs class file <http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html>

In addition, a separate e-mail containing the title of the paper, 
authors' names and addresses, and a short abstract in plain ASCII 
format should be sent to the same e-mail address.

If electronic submission is not possible, authors may submit four
hard copies of the paper by post to the following address:

   LACL 2001 (Attention: G. Morrill)
   UPC, Departament de LSI
   Campus Nord - Modul C6
   Jordi Girona Salgado, 1-3
   E-08034 Barcelona - Espanya

